Miss Rong, your bag is worth tens of thousands, right?
The girl I'm chasing has been pestering me lately
I think about it, I'll buy one for her.
As long as you promise me
I'll report it to you. Where do you use it?
Thank you, Sister Honor.
I went to a lot of trouble to get you from the mainland
All you want is to be notorious
The smelly kind
You better not let me down
That's my sister
Gotta pay
1 million buy out your relatives
It's a deal!
Ah, how is it?
How much did Dad go through to pay for you to go to college?
You are now a female live streaming host
Are you indifferent to them?
You won't even pay a penny for the doctor's treatment
Really have no conscience?
Hey, the female live streaming host of Yaliantai may be my sister
After my parents got sick, he didn't even pay for the medical bills
He doesn't deserve to be human.
He doesn't deserve to be a live streaming host
Hey, look at it all
After my dad died
He knows the Henan people all day long, the north wind
He didn't even come to the funeral
He has no conscience.
Xu Yaohua